## Meeting with our customer, Katsiaryna Mlynchyk, 14/04/2023
In a meeting with our customer, Katsiaryna Mlynchyk, research assistant Centre for Artificial Intelligence, the current status of the project was presented and further procedures defined.

The following are the key points of the meeting:

### 1. Define a point system for the labeler.
* Make the visibility of the labeler incl. the achieved score to other labelers only conditionally possible. E.g. simply a display with the score and an info "You are among the xx best labelers".
* Ranking not with stars, but rather with scores.
* She thinks control questions are a very good idea. Possibly with a reward if the labeler has completed the task correctly.

### 2. No more limitation of the number of labels
* At the moment there is still a limit to the maximum number of possible labels (limit because only limited directions are possible when swiping with the smartphone).
* In a further step (not necessarily during the development of the prototype) it would make sense to remove this limitation. For example, instead of swiping, set the labels using dropdown.

### 3. "Undo" and "Skip
* Important functions 
* Suggestions for implementation:
  * better call "undo" "back"
  * skip possibly with a double click on the one to be labeled

### 4. Test data sets
* Size of datasets can be very different
* mostly in the form of CSV or JSON 
* test datasets can be downloaded from sentinel analysis

### 5. Next meeting
* Next meeting with de Katya after the first deploy, which she can then test.
